# support-for-inequality-scale-development

Economic inequality is a defining issue of the 21st century. Past research has documented myriad pernicious psychological effects of high inequality, and prompted interest into how people perceive, evaluate, and react to economic inequality. Here we propose, refine, and validate the Support for Economic Inequality Scale (SEIS) – a novel measure of attitudes towards economic inequality. In Study 1, we distill eighteen items down to five, providing evidence for unidimensionality and reliability. In Study 2, we replicate the scale’s unidimensionality and reliability and demonstrate its validity. In Study 3, we evaluate a United States version of the SEIS. Finally, in Study 4, we show predictive validity by relating the SEIS to behavioral support for an inequality reducing social policy. The SEIS is a valid and reliable instrument for assessing perceptions of and reactions to economic inequality, and provides a useful tool for researchers investigating the psychological underpinnings of economic inequality.

In this repository you can find all of the work I did to develop the SEIS. The work is currently (March 2, 2018) under review for peer-reviewed publication; the pre-print manuscript for this work can be found in this repository. Also contained in this repository are (a) the Maple worksheets in which I calculated point-estaimted reliabilities, (b) the supplemental online materials, (c) questionnaires from all four studies, (d) R code for all four studies, and (e) data from all four studies.
